custom_components/mimesys_sync/info.md, before:

# MimeSys Digital Twin Sync

Sync your Home Assistant lights with your MimeSys 3D Digital Twin in real-time!

## Features

✨ **Real-time synchronization** - Lights update instantly in your 3D model
🎨 **Full color support** - Syncs brightness and RGB colors
🏠 **Easy setup** - Simple UI configuration through Home Assistant
🔌 **Works with everything** - Voice assistants, automations, physical switches

## Quick Start

1. **Install the integration** via HACS
2. **Configure API URL**: `http://localhost:8000` (if using MimeSys addon)
3. **Map your lights** using simple text format:
   ```
   Living Room = light.living_room_main
   Kitchen = light.kitchen_ceiling
   Bedroom = light.bedroom_lamp
   ```
4. **Done!** Your 3D model now reflects real-time light states

## Prerequisites

- MimeSys addon installed and running (or standalone deployment)
- Lights created in MimeSys 3D editor
- Light names in MimeSys should match your mapping configuration

## How It Works

The integration listens for Home Assistant light state changes and automatically sends updates to your MimeSys API. Any light control (UI, voice, automation, or physical switch) instantly reflects in your 3D visualization.

## Support

For detailed instructions and troubleshooting, see the [full documentation](https://github.com/oliverruoff/MimeSys/blob/main/custom_components/mimesys_sync/README.md).

**Issues?** Report them at https://github.com/oliverruoff/MimeSys/issues

Commit message:

Simplify integration - use entity selector instead of manual mapping
Major changes (v1.1.0):
- Removed manual text-based entity mapping
- Added multi-select entity picker for lights
- Entity ID is now automatically used as light name in API
- Simplified config flow to single step
- Only syncs when light switches on/off (not all state changes)
- Users just select lights to sync - no manual name mapping needed

Breaking change: Users need to reconfigure the integration
Light names in MimeSys must match Home Assistant entity IDs exactly

custom_components/mimesys_sync/info.md, after:

# MimeSys Digital Twin Sync

Sync your Home Assistant lights with your MimeSys 3D Digital Twin in real-time!

## Features

✨ **Real-time synchronization** - Lights update instantly in your 3D model when toggled on/off
🎨 **Full color support** - Syncs brightness and RGB colors
🏠 **Super simple setup** - Just select which lights to sync, no manual mapping needed
🔌 **Works with everything** - Voice assistants, automations, physical switches

## Quick Start

1. **Install the integration** via HACS
2. **Configure**:
   - API URL: `http://localhost:8000` (if using MimeSys addon)
   - Select the light entities you want to sync
3. **Done!** The entity ID is automatically used as the light name in MimeSys

## Important

Make sure your lights in the MimeSys 3D editor are named exactly like your Home Assistant entity IDs.

**Example:**
- Home Assistant entity: `light.living_room`
- MimeSys light name: `light.living_room`

The integration will automatically match them!

## Support

For detailed instructions and troubleshooting, see the [full documentation](https://github.com/oliverruoff/MimeSys/blob/main/custom_components/mimesys_sync/README.md).

**Issues?** Report them at https://github.com/oliverruoff/MimeSys/issues
